Add document section for fixing backups after SRE deployment (#2127)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/source/deployment/deploy_sre.md

:::{code} shell
$ dsh sre deploy YOUR_SRE_NAME
:::

> :::{important}
> After deployment, you may need to manually ensure that backups function.
> 
> - In the Azure Portal, navigate to the resource group for the `SRE`, `shm-{SHM_NAME}-sre-{SRE_NAME}-rg`
> - Navigate to the backup vault for the SRE, `shm-{SHM_NAME}-sre-{SRE_NAME}-bv-backup`
> - From the side menu, select `Manage > Backup Instances`
> - Change `Datasource type == Azure Disks` to `Datasource type == Azure Blobs (Azure Storage)`
> - Select the `BlobBackupSensitiveData` instance
> 
> If you see the message `Fix protection error for the backup instance`, as pictured below, then click the `Fix protection error` button.
> 
> ```{image} backup_fix_protection_error.png
> :alt: Fix protection error for the backup instance
> :align: center
> ```
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{important}
After deployment, you may need to manually ensure that backups function.

- In the Azure Portal, navigate to the resource group for the SRE: **shm-_SHM\_NAME_-sre-_SRE\_NAME_-rg**
- Navigate to the backup vault for the SRE: **shm-_SHM\_NAME_-sre-_SRE\_NAME_-bv-backup**
- From the side menu, select **{menuselection}`Manage --> Backup Instances`**
- Change **Datasource type** to  **Azure Blobs (Azure Storage)**
- Select the **BlobBackupSensitiveData** instance

If you see the message **Fix protection error for the backup instance**, as pictured below, then click the **{guilabel}`Fix protection error`** button.

:::{image} backup_fix_protection_error.png
:alt: Fix protection error for the backup instance
:align: center
:::
::::
```

Reviewer: @craddm : can you check if these suggestions build correctly?
